This is a file that outlines a general improvements list for My Waydroid Manager; Contributions working on the following is welcome!

General Guidelines:

    As of the moment, I am not really interested in doing the UI in XML, please refrain from suggesting it.
    Be kind, Curtious, and patient when making contributions.
    Improvements that expand the covered distributions / Desktop Enviroments are welcome, if you have hardware to test your proposed improvements on (f/oss devs aren't rich).
    Any system functions need to be defined with subprocess.run, and an accompanying embeded bash section.
    All GUI components need to be made with Gtk4, Libadwaita, and Python.
    I am not a senior developer, please do not assume that I know everything.
    Please make sure that any changes made have some notes to explain what the function is and how it works, this will A, Help me learn, and B, help others know how the code works better!

Things to be fixed, Finished, or implimented:

    A 'Select Shared Folder' Button that pops up a directory selctor for easy setup

    A 'Stop Waydroid' Button

    A 'Restart Waydroid' Button

    A correct 'Back' Button that destroys the currently open window while opening the previous

    Complete the 'Retrieve Registration Code' option to automate registering waydroid google play images

    Support for camera passthrough **This is a long-term goal and will likely take time to figure out

    A better 'About' Button using Adw.AboutWindow ** Help with this is appreciated!

    Replace $hostname as the method of distribution identification with something more robust

    Add support for, and test Manjaro

    Add support for and test Postmarket OS (eventually)

    Add support for more distributions and desktop enviroments

    Setup translation files (help needed)

    Package for Flatpak (help needed)

    Package for AUR (help needed)

    Package for your choice of distribution here (help needed!)

    Add 'donation' link to the 'About' page (help definitely appreciated!)

